Get out get out get out
You, a bunch of ignorant idiots
You want to drive me away?
What qualifications do you have?
Qin Feng, you are now the land of Chinese history
Don't you have a shred of shame?
Don't stay here
Don't do it, you won't see it
Miss Cheng has an invitation to the ivy party in her hand
So you want to get back together with him
Hahahaha
He also wants to beg me to get back together
Just a dream
Well, that's exactly the name of my little brother
Okay, okay.
Stop pretending here
Xuan Que is not here
No one can support you
You either get out now
Or wait for the ninth master to come and beat you to death here
Humph
You are so sober and accompany Jiu Ye to do something to me
Please send Ao.
This is the ivy feast
Jiu Ye is the closest of the Qing army
Since you dare to call Ninth Master by name
Who gave you the courage?
You kneel here for me now
For what you just said
Jiu Ye apologizes
Let me kneel
Why is that?
Even if Pei Jiuling is standing here
Don't dare to tell me that
everyone
Everyone has seen this son's words and deeds
I suspect he's trying to make a fuss about the Ivy Festival
To ruin the party
Yellow mouth children
overreach
Qin Feng
Everyone here today is nobler than you
I know you have grievances and want to vent
But this is not the occasion
Because you're killing yourself.
Dare to listen and dare to talk in front of the Dai people
Qin Feng, you are in the tomb of consciousness
Today, the city is full of authoritative people
China today
I have everything
If I don't come
They're not even qualified to work.